---
title: Neon68K Games Collection Released!
published: true
---

We are happy to announce the Neon68K games setup for MiSTer!

The easiest way to play Sharp X68000 games!

## 200+ games in HDF format for easy play — controller support included

- 155 English controller friendly games
- 27 English keyboard/mouse games
- 23 Japanese controller friendly games
- 11 Japanese keyboard/mouse games

## Features

- MGL game launching
- Neatly organized Genre folders
- Setnames for all games to allow for per-game configs and ini settings

## Setup and Usage

1. Select your MiSTer video setup
    - MiSTer Upscaler (most users): If you are not using an external scaler, use the games from this folder
    - External 4K Upscaler: If using an external upscaler like the PixelFX Morph or the Retrotink 4K, use the games from this folder

2. Download the game zip files you want from the various categorized subfolders and unzip them to the root of your MiSTer's 'media/fat' directory (NOTE: If your 'games' folder is located on external storage, unzip the 'games' folders from the zip files there)

3. Open the MiSTer OSD, navigate to Computer > X68000 Games and launch a game! That's it!

## Note on Unzipping the Entire Collection

Using the Windows built-in Zip management is not the easiest thing. Please use a utility like WinRAR or 7-Zip and take advantage of the right mouse context button command "Extract Here..." function. 

On Windows, Shift-A to select all zip files in a folder, then right click and "Extract Here" with WinRAR to extract the entire collection to the correct sub-folder structure before copying to your MiSTer.

On Mac, if you are familiar with the Terminal, navigate to the directory and run:

```
for f in *.zip; do unzip -o "$f" -d ./; done
```

## Folder Explanations

Top level folders:

**English** — Games that are in English or don’t require Japanese knowledge to play

**Japanese** — Games that are in Japanese and not English friendly


Subfolders:

**Main** — Games that have been tested and appear to work without issues (NOTE: If you find any issues with games in these folders, please leave a review and let us know)

**Keyboard+Mouse** — Games that require a keyboard and mouse to play

**Minor Bugs** — Game with minor issues, but are still playable (the included 'Known Issues.txt' lists the issues)

**Major Bugs** — Games with glaring issues, but are technically still playable (the included 'Known Issues.txt' lists the issues)

## Additional Notes

Some games have additional help/instructions that can be accessed from the MiSTer OSD by selecting the `Help` option. To see what games have these, navigate to `docs` at the root of your MiSTer and look for folders named like `X68K-Game_Name`.

For more detailed installation instructions, see the included ReadMe files in the root directory.

Enjoy X68000 gaming!
